@1815742.highlights
smilebox.com offers customers ability to build online scrapbooks with animation , music and artwork using photos stored on their computer .
niche business will struggle to compete with larger , more established online photo services .
teams up with hallmark to offer modified version of software on greeting card company 's web site .
chief executive andrew wright comments .

@1815744.highlights
julie taymor family friendly production of mozart 's the magic flute at metropolitan opera features libretto translated into english and has been cut from nearly four hours to less than two .
is filled with puppets and elaborate costumes that appeal to children .
production is part of met general manager peter gelb 's initiative to expand opera audience .

@1815747.highlights
judith regan says she is preparing to file lawsuit against news corp , rupert murdoch-owned media giant that owns harper collins publishing house , which fired her after o j simpson book project imploded .
regan 's lawyer bert fields says libel and wrongful termination suit is related to allegations that regan had been fired after making anti-semitic remarks during heated phone conversation with company lawyer .
news corp declines to comment officially .

@1815756.highlights
sirius satellite radio and xm satellite radio may try merger .
benefits of merger have been promoted by sirius chief executive mel karmazin and sirius officials continue to say that merger would be good thing .
xm has not commented on possibility , and neither company has said whether they have actually discussed issue .
both companies have continued to lose hundreds of millions of dollars because of marketing and other subscriber acquisition expenses .

@1815757.highlights
plans by canada to strip canadian wheat board of its strict control of wheat and barley exports provokes fight between farmers and government .
board , founded 75 years ago , pays all farmers average sale price over market value in exchange for monopoly .
supporters say system helps farmers negotiate terms with buyers while critics say some living near united states border could potentially generate profits higher than average price .
vote is planned on creating open market .

@1815760.highlights
search-engine companies such as powerset , hakia , chacha and snap are trying to be next google .
wikia inc , company started by founder of wikipedia , plans to develop search engine that , like popular web-based encyclopedia , would be built by community of programmers and users .
these ambitious quests reflect renewed optimism sweeping technology centers like silicon valley and fueling nascent internet boom .
it also shows how much new internet economy resembles planetary system where everything and everyone orbits around search in general , and around google in particular .

@1815761.highlights
literary cruises give authors and their publishers opportunity to promote books to captive audience of enthusiastic readers .
environment provides connection with readers that authors can not achieve through bookstore appearances or other events .
cruises are becoming popular as it becomes icreasingly difficult to successfully market new books .

@1815781.highlights
author pascal bruckner op-ed article holds that practice of making new year 's resolutions is growing rare in france because french spread them out from january to december .
holds that people should not be cynical about how resolutions are never kept .
says resolutions are lies , but they are lies of good faith , necessary illusions .

@1815783.highlights
paul krugman op-ed column holds that us health care system is disgrace .
maintains that every other advanced country manages to provide its citizens with essential care .
contends that only reason universal coverage seems hard to achieve in us is spectacular inefficiency of its health care system .
holds that health care reform is in air , but says we could blow it with pre-emptive surrender to special interests .

@1815784.highlights
arthur m schlesinger jr op-ed article holds that us is world 's dominant military power , and consciousness of history is moral necessity for nation possessed of overweening power .
says that nation 's history must be guide and domain not so much of its historians as its citizens .

@1815789.highlights
ban ki-moon , new secretary general of un , will have to wait to enjoy one of more glamorous trappings of his new post : secretary general 's official residence on sutton place .
general assembly recently approved $ 4.5 million renovation of residence .
ban and his wife are staying at waldorf-astoria until oct , when work is expected to be completed .

@1815792.highlights
russia 's natural gas monopoly , gazprom , strikes deal to supply gas to belarus for next five years , averting price dispute that threatened to disrupt supplies to europe .
agreement more than doubled price that belarus will pay for natural gas in 2007 and raised it significantly in years to come .

@1815795.highlights
new york city , new york state and federal agencies grant final approval to half-dozen large projects that will transform some areas of city and help bring it competitively into 21st-century .
wide-ranging projects signal lull in climate of nearly 50-year backlash against ` bulldozer diplomacy ' of robert moses .
developers are more sensitive to needs of communities and some communities welcome changes that can improve neighborhoods .

@1815801.highlights
bruised and naked body of unidentified boy , 4 or 5 , was found in patch of woods on outskirts of philadelphia in february 1957 .
autopsy showed that child had been beaten to death and that he had been ill and undernourished .
vidocq society , philadelphia group composed largely of law enforcement professionals who investigate long-unsolved crimes , adopted case .
yet all these years later , boy has no name .
william h kelly , retired philadelphia detective , and joseph mcgillen , retired investigator for medical examiner 's office , visit boy 's grave often .
they dream of giving him identity before they die .

@1815802.highlights
darrell perry , successful country music songwriter died from cancer year and half ago .
perry 's four children have filed two lawsuits against their aunt , darlene bishop , renowned evangelical preacher .
one lawsuit accuses her of wrongful death , claiming that she convinced perry to pray rather than to seek medical care .
other accuses her of mismanaging and misusing his estate , which perry children say could be worth millions .

@1815808.highlights
article in series , the energy challenge , notes that discourse over global warming has been feverish since hurricane katrina .
many environmental campaigners , former vice pres al gore and some scientists have portrayed growing human influence on climate as unfolding disaster .
conservative politicians and few scientists , many with ties to energy companies , have countered that human-driven warming is inconsequential , unproved or manufactured crisis .
third stance is now emerging , espoused by many experts who challenge both poles of debate .
they agree that accumulating carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases probably pose momentous environmental challenge , but say appropriate response is more akin to buying fire insurance and installing sprinklers in old house than to fighting fire already raging .

@1815811.highlights
madison , wis , college town that sought to reverse decline of its downtown in 1980s and 1990s to draw people at night and on weekends , is now facing overcrowding on streets , vandalism and , most significantly , alcohol-related crime .
officials are grappling with how to scale down downtown .

@1815822.highlights
david carr column on whether morning newspaper will become extinct .
cites recent sales of newspapers to private equity firms , which are often viewed with suspicion , in part because they have limited investment horizons and tend to milk properties for cash flow , clean up balance sheet and then flip property to what is technically known as ` greater fool ' .

@1815830.highlights
saddam hussein 's hanging was supposed to be formal and solemn proceeding carried out by dispassionate state , but recording of execution 's cruel theater summed up what has become increasingly clear on streets of baghdad : that shiite-led government that assumed power in us effort is running state under undisguised sectarian banner .
it was degrading end for vicious leader , and ominous beginning for new iraq .

@1815834.highlights
dana canedy , in appreciation of her late fiance , first sgt charles monroe king , holds that he boarded plane for iraq in dec 2005 with two missions -- to lead his soldiers in combat and to prepare their boy for life without him .
notes that he wrote what would become 200-page journal for their son in case he did not make it back .
says that charles was killed on oct 14 , and journal will have to speak for him now .

@1815835.highlights
list of us military fatalities in iraq has reached milestone of 3,000 deaths since march 2003 invasion .
number reflects how much more dangerous soldier 's job has become in face of growing and increasingly sophisticated insurgency .
pentagon reports that violence in country is at all-time high .
no official count is available for number of civilians killed .
estimates based on mortality tallies , news reports and household surveys vary widely .
brief sketches of several us servicemen killed in iraq .

@1815836.highlights
eliot spitzer is sworn in as new york 's 54th governor , after making ethics reform central pledge of landslide victory in his election campaign and watching in recent weeks as scandal reached upper reaches of state government .
spitzer says that he will issue slew of executive orders relating to ethics , procurement and behavior of leadership in agencies where governor has unilateral control .
orders will mirror those he recently outlined for his own staff , which included ban on gifts of more than nominal value and prohibition on members of executive branch from lobbying any part of executive branch for two years after they leave their posts .

@1815837.highlights
democrats taking over congress are promising sweeping changes to ethics and lobbying laws , pledging to clean up after spate of corruption scandals under republican rules .
their proposals are not as comprehensive or far-reaching as changes already adopted by many state legislatures .
several states have adopted more sweeping gift and travel bans , broader measures to end central role of lobbyists or government contractors in financing campaigns and new public campaign financing intended to reduce lawmakers ' dependence on big donors .

@1815838.highlights
us and iraqi officials who have discussed intrigue and confusion that preceded decision to rush saddam hussein to gallows have said that it was americans who questioned political wisdom and justice of expediting execution , in ways that required prime min nuri kamal al-maliki to override constitutional and religious precepts that might have assured hussein more dignified passage to his end .
new video that has appeared on internet underscores unruly , mocking atmosphere in execution chamber .

@1815839.highlights
water is again flowing along 62-mile stretch of owens river in eastern california , in one of largest river restoration efforts in west , and after dry spell of nearly century .
that part of river had been left mostly drained when upstream water , fed by snowmelt from sierra nevada mountains , was channeled 233 miles south to los angeles .
restored flow is among several long-awaited steps city is taking to help make amends for environmental consequences of its water maneuvering , most notably drying up of owens lake , area more than three times size of manhattan .
diagram .

@1815841.highlights
eliot spitzer is sworn in as 54th governor of new york state by federal judge robert w sweet at governor 's mansion in albany .
ceremony i small and private and is attended by family , friends and dignitaries .
larger celebration is planned for afternoon of january 2 .
12-year regime of gov george e pataki ended at midnight .

@1815842.highlights
gov m jodi rell is set to begin full term at helm of connecticut after taking two years to right ship .
took office in 2004 following resignation of her predecessor john g rowland .
plans to use full term to attack serious problems , such as soaring health care and energy costs .
dominance of democrats in state legislature will hinder her plans to cut taxes .

@1815843.highlights
murders in new york city rose by 10 percent in 2006 over 2005 to 579 , even as overall crime continued to decline .
homicides were well below 2,262 in 1990 .
rise reversed declining trend .
overall crime fell 5 percent in 2006 compared to 2005 .
reported rapes were down 7.4 to 1,486 .
subway crime plunged 13 percent and auto crime fell 11.4 percent .

@1815881.highlights
follow-up article on chris ratuszny , who was described in december 19 science times article about brain aneurysms .
notes that laser surgery used had to be approved by food and drug administration for emergency case , but has been used in europe .
ratuszny is expected to make full recovery .

@1815882.highlights
dr sherif zaki , leader of 11-year-old centers for disease control and prevention unexplained deaths project , describes challenges of being medical sleuth .
says there are about 700 unexplained deaths in us every year and it is his mission of project to try and find out why each person died .
program files tissue samples so they can be tested again if new information emerges .
case examples described .

@1815885.highlights
interview with entomologist dr robert d hall , university of missouri associate vice chancellor for research and lawyer .
hall , who has testified at many criminal and civil trials as forensic entomologist , describes how insect behavior can establish time and location of person 's death and discusses other forensic applications .

@1815893.highlights
centers for disease control and prevention reports that e coli strain recently found on spinach from california farm is virulent enough that swallowing only 10 organisms could be enough to cause infection .
increased number of health alerts and outbreaks related to fruits and vegetables has generated many new guidelines , such as food and drug administration 's lettuce safety initiative , but researchers point to variety of causes and methods of contamination and say they are difficult to track and stop .
some experts hold that bagged and prewashed produce is fairly new to marketplace and increased consumption of raw produce make outbreaks more widespread than anytime in past .
many researchers are working on prevention measures , but few changes have been implemented .

@1815895.highlights
desert aquaculture , which was first used in israel , has become increasingly popular way to farm crops and fish in otherwise arid and unfertile ground .
professor samuel appelbaum , jacob blaustein institutes for desert research fish biologist and pioneer of process that pumps subsurface water up to tanks for use in fish ponds and irrigation , describes how aquaculture can transform communities .
double usage of water is ideal as farmers use water from fish farms , which is high in organic matter , to irrigate and fertilize fields .
kibbutz mashabbe sade , israel , aquaculture discusssed .

@1815905.highlights
alessandra stanley tv watch column on television offerings around new year .
notes that many channels were filled with death , including coverage of execution of saddam hussein , funeral of former pres gerald ford and tributes to late singer james brown .
holds that most startling image may have been frail dick clark as he appeared alongside ryan seacrest on dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve special .

@1815906.highlights
moviegoers favored films that were escapist fantasies in 2006 .
sony pictures was winner among studios , earning nearly $ 1.7 billion domestically and $ 3.3 billion overseas .
pirates of the caribbean : dead man 's chest set new opening-weekend record and topped box office tables with $ 423 million .
other high grossing films included click , talladega nights : the ballad of ricky bobby , open season , casino royale and the pursuit of happyness .

@1815915.highlights
there are profound differences between democrats and republicans over future of nation 's health care system , proper role of government and role of private markets in securing best value for huge sums spent on health care .
house democrats , now in majority , will try to rush through legislation requiring government to negotiate lower drug prices for medicare beneficiaries and overturn pres bush 's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research .

@1815916.highlights
jeb bush is leaving as one of most popular and prominent governors in florida 's history after eight years .
despite wishful prodding , he has adamantly ruled out presidential campaign of his own next year , but rumors about his future have burst forth .
one is that he would become sen john mccain 's running mate if mccain wins republican nomination for president .
one of bush 's former chiefs of staff has gone to work for mccain 's exploratory committee , but several other former aides have signed up with gov mitt romney , another probable republican contender .

@1815930.highlights
craig childs op-ed disagrees with those who argue that mel gibson movie apocalypto dehumanizes native americans , turning their mayan ancestors into savagely violent people .
says oppressed mayans in movie are presented as people with universal emotions shared by all humans .
says problem with movie is with audience who finds mayans barbaric .
says fault lies in misunderstanding of complicated history that lumps entire civilization into simplistic response .

@1815938.highlights
transitional government in somalia moves aggressively to assert control after islamist forces abandon their final outpost .
transitional prime minister ali mohammed gedi sets three-day deadline for all weapons to be turned in and calls for international peacekeeping troops to be sent immediately .
clan leaders are skeptical about whether he would succeed , and many somalis are dead set against order to surrender firearms .

@1815939.highlights
new york times / cbs news poll shows that home owners and investors are ambivalent about 2007 .
they are split almost evenly on whether it is good time to buy new home or better to wait , even though sizable majority expects home prices to stay or rise .
poll shows also that americans had regained some faith in stocks as safe investment since market 's crash in 2000 , but they are less confident that stocks will rise in 2007 than they were during last bear market in 2002 .
also shows that those interviewed are preparing themselves for tougher times by either changing their spending and investment patterns or by not taking as many risks .
52 percent say they are making enough to pay bills and obligations and 35 percent say they earn enough to save and buy extras , while 12 percent say they do not make enough to meet household expenses .

@1815941.highlights
whether economy can emerge unscathed from housing recession in 2007 is unclear .
investors expect stock market to continue to rally as it did in 2006 .
outlook for bond market is cloudy because investors expect federal reserve to reduce interest rates as economy slows .
spread between treasury bonds and bb-rated bonds -- best level of junk -- has shrunk to historic lows of less than two percentage points .
stock market says boom is going to stay , housing notwithstading .

@1815943.highlights
united states and allies in europe embark on new strategy to increase financial and psychological pressure on iran , in tacit acknowledgment that sanctions imposed by united nations security council in late dec are too weak to force iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
plan is to use language of resolution to help persuade foreign governments and financial institutions to cut ties with iranian businesses , individuals in its nuclear and missile programs and , by extension , iranian revolutionary guard , which is identified as power base for pres mahmoud ahmadinejad .
it is hard to assess how deeply financial actions may cut , since most willing parties to effort -- us and europe -- have few business dealings with iran .

@1815949.highlights
wall street economists richard bernstein , abby joseph cohen , david bianco , abhijit chakrabortti and ethan s harris are cautious about economy in 2007 .
they expect at least some slowdown in economic growth .
many are concerned that housing 's slump will spread to other parts of economy .
analysts surveyed predict that standard & poor 's 500-stock index , which closed 2006 at 1,418.30 , will end 2007 at 1,440 to 1,570 .

@1815950.highlights
dozens of middle-class french people have been spending nights in tents along canal in paris in solidarity with country 's growing number of homeless people .
demonstration has drawn enough media attention over holidays for pres jacques chirac to acknowledge it during his traditional new year address to nation .
given france 's well-financed social services , country 's homeless problem is relatively mild .
but even small number of homeless is disturbing for socially active segment of france 's population .

@1815956.highlights
special report , a year at war , reviews how pres bush began 2006 assuring country of his ` strategy for victory in iraq ' and ended year trying to devise new plan when that strategy collapsed .
senior officials in washington and baghdad failed to take seriously warnings that sectarian violence could rip country apart and turn bush 's promise to ` clear , hold and build ' iraqi neighborhoods and towns into empty slogan .
this left bush and his advisers constantly lagging behind events on the ground .
over last year , as optimism collided with reality , bush increasingly found himself uneasy with gen george w casey jr 's strategy , backed by donald h rumsfeld , to turn over responsibility for security to iraqis and shrink number of american bases and begin gradual withdrawal of american troops .
bush is expected now to reverse that strategy .
he has ousted rumsfeld and is expected to accelerate casey 's departure from iraq .
casey continues to caution against lengthy expansion in american military role in iraq .
detailed review of year 's events in iraq .
photos .
timeline with major events .

@1815974.highlights
developer gregg singer and new york city 's east village community continue eight-year running battle over development plans for former public school 64 .
singer says city has stymied his plans to renovate building for elderly tenants , nonprofit organizations or college dormitories .
community says singer secretly intends to build luxury housing .
singer has filed three suits against city .
one suit contends mayor michael r bloomberg made political deal with former councilwoman margarita lopez to block singer development plans .
singer expresses anger over city 's declaring building landmark and plans to rezone area to eliminate most development options .

@1815993.highlights
article in series the energy challenge , on ways world is , and is not , moving toward more energy-efficient , environmentally benign future , describes wal-mart ` s promotion of energy-saving compact fluorescent light bulbs .
giant discount retailer is determined to push long-lasting , swirl-shaped light bulbs known as compact fluorescent lamps into at least 100 million homes .
it is spurred by commitment from its chief executive h lee scott jr to reduce energy use across country .
but even wal-mart ` s legendary salesmanship is meeting resistance -- from light-bulb makers , competitors and consumers .
it is eight times as expensive as traditional bulb , gives off harsher light and has peculiar appearance .
but it uses 75 percent less electricity than incandescent bulb , lasts 10 times longer , produces 450 pounds fewer greenhouse gases from power plants and saves consumers $ 30 over life of each bulb .
currently only 6 percent of households use them , making wal-mart ` s goal of selling 100 million of them a year by 2008 so wildly ambitious .
wal-mart ` s advertising and promotional campaigns described .

@1816052.highlights
logan fox has sold his independent bookstore micawber books in princeton , nj . laments cultural shift away from books .
holds that fast pace of life and shrinking attention spans have made customers less eager to linger and search for books in store that forgoes commercial push of best sellers at front of store .

@1816057.highlights
diane sawyer indicates that she will stay with abc morning program good morning america until at least early summer .
decision prompts sigh of relief from upper echelons of news division and network as whole , who have relied on sawyer for star power since departure of charles gibson .

@1816064.highlights
food manufacturers are greenwashing their packaging , using specific colors , images and typefaces to convey message that product is healthy .
in recent years , greenwashing has spilled out past organic section , even into snack section .
packaging often displays fields , farms , animals or allegiance to worthy cause , and includes words like ` natural ' and ` healthy ' .

@1816065.highlights
chefs and restaurant owners sometimes turn to consultants or even staff members for suggestions on type of music to play , but often hear complaints from customers .
muzak offers themed mixes or can generate custom soundtracks tailored to specific restaurant .
other companies that offer music to restaurants noted .

@1816069.highlights
museum of modern art will sell its last vacant parcel of land in midtown for $ 125 million to real estate developer hines .
as part of deal , hines will construct mixed use building on west 54th street that will connect to museum 's galleries and afford about 50,000 square feet of addition exhibition space .

@1816070.highlights
documentary films on shortlist for oscar nominations are all issue based .
films my country , my country , an inconvenient truth , jesus camp , deliver us from evil , trials of darryl hunt , shut up & sing , can mr smith get to washington anymore . , an unreasonable man , iraq in fragments , war tapes and ground truth noted .

@1816074.highlights
former pres gerald r ford 's death brings group of former living presidents to three : george bush , jimmy carter and bill clinton .
dynamic among former presidents continually evolves , as people age , rivalries fade and former political opponents discover they share more similarities than differences .

@1816075.highlights
former pres gerald r ford is eulogized as modest man bringing virtues of decency , integrity and humility to mend broken government after pain of war and scandal .
washington national cathedral 's grand setting and pomp of state funeral provide counterpoint for unassuming former president .
capacity crowd of 3,700 attends .

@1816077.highlights
fernando decampoamor is charged with murdering amelia garcia and her 30-year-old son ferneliz cruz in coram , ny . police say he lent money to companion garcia and became enraged over delay in repayment .
was on parole for 1985 murder in new york city .
previous record noted .

@1816079.highlights
indonesian officials reverse themselves and say they do not know what happened to passenger jet that disappeared from radar screen on jan 1 after issuing distress signal .
they say initial reports that wreckage was found on sulawesi island along with 12 survivors was wrong .
they say search will resume on jan 3 .

@1816080.highlights
israeli chief of staff , lt gen dan halutz , says that military made serious errors during 2006 war against hezbollah in lebanon but says he will not resign his post .
halutz suggests one problem was discipline and cites cases in which officers refused assignments and objected on moral grounds .
critics of halutz say military relied too heavily on air power and delayed too long sending in sufficient ground troops .

@1816081.highlights
prime min meles zenawi of ethiopia says that his country can not afford to keep troops in somalia much longer and that it is ill equipped to keep peace there .
several countries in region have spoken of committing troops , but force has yet to materialize .
somalia 's instability may prevent many nations from volunteering troops .
islamist forces have vowed to fight guerrilla insurgency against ethiopians .

@1816083.highlights
ali saleem is cross-dressing man who portrays flirty widow on pakastani television .
television critics have been generally supportive and show , which features interviews with country 's celebrities and politicians , has prime-time slot .
saleem says show 's acceptance is symbol of pakistan 's tolerance and moderation .
some media researchers say that restrictions on print media are tougher and that some subjects are still off limits .

@1816085.highlights
group of iraqis are planning american university of iraq , american-style university with international teachers and classes taught in english .
prominent intellectual and political figures support university and its chosen site in sulaimaniya , area that is relatively safe so far .
some education officials in baghdad argue that university should be built there instead .

@1816095.highlights
intertainer files broad lawsuit against apple computer , google and napster for infringing on 2005 patent covering commercial distribution of audio and video over internet .
claims to be leader of concept of entertainment on demand over web platforms .
founder jonathan t taplin has history of activism on variety of technology issues .

@1816100.highlights
five years after ireland encouraged citizens to save money in special accounts designed to slow roaring economy , government officials fear spending spree will do exactly what plan was meant to prevent .
underscores problems in taming surging economies .
inflation could accelerate at rapid pace if irish choose to spend 16 billion euros -lrb- $ 21 billion -rrb- in savings that are just now becoming available .
analysts are uncertain how savings will be spent , if at all .

@1816114.highlights
thomas l friedman op-ed column says disturbing events at saddam hussein 's hastily arranged execution highlight lack of basic national unity in iraq .
says us is to blame for not creating security needed for such values to take hold , but asserts that iraqis have not risen to occasion , either .
says adding us troops will not help country with no underlying unity and willingness to share power among communities .
says iraqis are doing things their own way and it is time for us to get out of way .

@1816115.highlights
mike males op-ed article says that united states drug abuse crisis is urgent problem and that reports finding big declines in teenage drug use are misleading .
says relying on teenagers to self-report drug use yields faulty results and that teenagers are least part of country 's drug abuse crisis .
says among americans in their 40s and 50s , deaths from illicit-drug overdoses have risen 300 percent in last decade .
says drug abuse surveys that policy makers now rely on should be replaced with comprehensive ` drug abuse index , ' which includes largely ignored data on drug use and drug-related problems .

@1816123.highlights
steeply rising cost of preventing and suppressing wildfires is creating rift between washington and state and local governments over who should pay .
agriculture dept report says private homeowners and communities , rather than federal taxpayers , should pay more of their own fire protection .
state and local governments are fighting back .
recent fire season burned 9.8 million acres .

@1816124.highlights
massachusetts legislature votes to advance constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between man and woman .
amendment now requires approval of at least 50 legislators in another vote in 2007-8 session for it to be placed on ballot as referendum .
if passed , amendment would not invalidate same-sex marriages that have taken place since becoming legal in 2004 , but would prevent future marriages .

@1816125.highlights
new jersey gov jon s corzine and pennsylvania gov edward g rendell head for showdown over financing and environmental issues of plan to deepen delaware river .
corzine expresses concern that dredging could shake free contaminated sediment .
says he is not convinced by pennsylvania 's promises to accept bulk of waste from river and cover cost overruns .
rendell sees project as critical to revitalization of port of philadelphia .

@1816127.highlights
prudential douglas elliman reports 5 percent decline in average apartment sale price in last quarter .
corcoran group puts decline at 1.5 percent .
both reports put average sale price for all apartments at more than $ 1.2 million .
results of brown harris stevens and halstead property study noted .

@1816129.highlights
steady slide in value of united states dollar since 2005 continues as federal reserve is expected to cut rates this year and currencies such as british pound and euro are rising .
united arab emirates joins russia , switzerland , venezuela and other countries that have shifted reserves away from dollar or have hinted at similar plans .
experts do not expect long-term damage to us currency 's value .

@1816130.highlights
makers of air fresheners are responding to increased demand as scent becomes more important to consumers .
college students are fueling growth in new generation of air fresheners .
companies such as procter & gamble , s c johnson and reckitt benckiser have increased spending to capitalize on trend .
older consumers remain important to air freshener makers as indicated by focused advertising in segment .

@1816131.highlights
eugene david refuses to leave home in romania where gabriel resources wants to build largest open-pit gold mine .
gabriel owns rights to mine hills in area but not 50 acres of land david lives on .
david has taken fight to internet , where he has gained support from celebrities , environmentalists and members of anti-globalization movement .
company launches campaign to convince town of economic benefits and safety of proposed mine .

@1816141.highlights
advisers to former new york city mayor rudolph w giuliani say someone infiltrated giuliani camp and stole document about his presidential prospects and political liabilities .
daily news was given document recently , and reports it proposes $ 100 million 2007 fundraising effort , names potential donors , and cites other issues .
giuliani is expected to decide whether to run for presidency in next few months .

@1816142.highlights
iraq 's shiite-led government orders investigation into abusive behavior at execution of saddam hussein , who was taunted by witnesses to his hanging .
unofficial cellphone video recording of execution that was broadcast around world has caused public demonstrations in iraq and widespread dismay elsewhere .
united states officials say they worked to persuade prime min nuri kamal al-maliki to delay execution until islamic holiday passed and legal questions could be answered .
us official says maliki was worried that insurgents might try to free hussein if execution was delayed .
some iraqi politicians are raising new demands for maliki 's dismissal .
government inquiry is ordered as protests build in intensity .

@1816143.highlights
last of four articles in series the new age , examining science of aging , on finding that education is most significant social factor linked to longevity .
researchers say primacy of education as life span factor is remarkable and that few extra years of school are associated with longer life and markedly improved health decades later .
link between education and life expectancy is worldwide , found in countries of every size .
researchers say that less educated people are less able to plan for future and delay gratification , and that this may help people make healthier decisions .
some experts say that it is not clear how or why education leads to longer life and that explanations may not hold up .
scientists say they can not recommend plan of action regarding education effect while so many questions remain .

@1816168.highlights
google has created extensive survey to screen for well-rounded job candidates .
300-question survey asks job applicants about their attitudes , behavior , personality and is meant to predict how well person will fit into company 's hectic and competitive culture .
such hiring tools are more often used by large corporations and not internet companies , which pride themselves on finding unique talent .
google has traditionally hired people with excellent academic records but it says academic success does not always correlate with success at company .
google has 10,000 employees and is growing so rapidly that company wants to make screening process more efficient .
some hiring experts say google 's new approach is valid way to look for good workers and better indicator of job performance than interviews .

@1816169.highlights
first article in series the critical years , examining struggle to reform middle schools , on different strategies for teaching adolescents .
difficulty in educating this age group is especially hard in cities , where problems are acute and search for solutions is urgent .
smaller gains in math scores and stagnant reading scores for middle school students are seen as critical obstacle to improving dropout rates and achievement gap between white and black students .
middle schools in new york city are experimenting with variety of strategies , from adding organizational skills training , to reducing class size .
some schools are grouping students by interests instead of age and others are focusing on troubled students , who may influence their peers .
some school administrators say they are worried about test scores but have more immediate concerns .

@1816226.highlights
research shows that high stress levels in athletes increase risk of getting injured .
american college of sports medicine releases consensus statement advising team physicians , coaches and athletic trainers on link between stress and injury .
researchers say key to finding athlete at risk is to probe deeper and discover how person is handling stressful event .

@1816229.highlights
many dermotologists are advising patients to restrict use of cosmetics even as beauty companies are introducing an increasing number of products marketed for specific body parts -- including necks , creases around mouth and eyelids -- or for apocryphal maladies like visible pores or cellulite .
are prescribing simplified skin-care routines -- soap , sunscreen and , if necessary , products tailored to specific skin needs .
chain drugstores are attempting to attract brand-conscious beauty consumers by introducing imported skin-care lines .

@1816230.highlights
web gives new life to products that promise to transform you ` while you sleep , ' and those with broadest market and most extravagant promises are designed for so-called sleep learning .
most research shows that people learn only when awake and suggest that people use sleep to rest .

@1816249.highlights
solar industry has grown in california in year since state legislature approved homeowner rebates for installing solar electric generating systems .
banks , which consider solar systems to be improvement that increases house 's value , are making financing readily available .
architects are routinely designing solar systems in custom houses , and developers are offering solar systems and solar-ready wiring in new spec houses and subdivisions .

@1816254.highlights
soaring prices for chinese contemporary art have led way for opening of hundreds of new studios , galleris and private art museums in cities like beijing and shanghai .
chinese auction houses that once only dealt in traditional art have now begun to put contemporary pieces on block .
european galleries are also clamoring to sign unknown chinese artists , some of whom been able to sell their works for large sums .
auction and gallery frenzy has sparked debate in china about whether sales are artificially inflated to encourage speculators , rather than real collectors , to enter art market .
there are also complaints that some artists are ignoring international standards by selling works directly into auction market , rather than selling first to collectors .

@1816258.highlights
christopher wheeldon , one of world 's most sought-after choreographers who recently announced end to his residency at new york city ballet , has formed his own company morphoses the wheeldon company .
company will make debut in august at vail international dance festival in colorado and will perform at sadler 's wells theater in london and at city center in new york city .
wheeldon comments .

@1816262.highlights
assistant nassau county , ny , district attorney robert hayden agrees that hearing should be held to determine whether jurors discussed what they thought were prior drunken-driving charges against martin heidgen before convicting him of murder .
heidgen crashed his vehicle into car , killing 7-year-old katie flynn and driver stanley rabinowitz .

@1816274.highlights
news analysis notes even as democratic leaders continue to accuse pres bush of reckless fiscal policy , they refuse to discuss dismantling his popular tax cuts or even engage in debate about best way to stimulate economy .
still , congress faces serious fiscal problems that can not be postponed .

@1816278.highlights
taiwan 's new bullet train system is scheduled to open on jan 5 .
it will tie together cities and towns where 94 percent of its population lives and offer alternative to clogged highways and air pollution vehicles on them produce .
system 's enormous cost -- $ 15 billion -- has made it subject of dispute .
some environmentalists worry that system could eventually increase use of energy , if ease of using trains encourages people to move farther away from work .
project 's decades of planning and construction recalled .

@1816286.highlights
specialist juston r graber is scheduled to plead guilty to reduced charge for mercy killing in connection with death of three unarmed iraq men shot by us soldiers in 2006 .
will testify against squad members specialist william b hunsaker , pfc corey r clagett , and staff sgt raymond l girouard .

@1816293.highlights
iraqi prime min nuri kamal al-maliki ` s office mounts its first public defense of way government carried out execution of saddam hussein , saying iraqi authorities have detained guard who they believe was involved in recording moment in macabre and unauthorized video that has generated revulsion around world .
iraqi officials seek to challenge impression that hussein , for all his brutal crimes , behaved with more dignity in his final minutes than his seemingly thuggish executioners .
united states military , which had held hussein in custody until it transferred him to iraqi authorities hour before he was hanged , seeks to distance itself from any responsibility for scenes revealed in video .

@1816302.highlights
david brooks op-ed longs for wealthy politicians to put aside their partisan fury and discover civility .
says house speaker nancy pelosi is example of rich politician who rose to power by mastering fund-raising system .
says despite campaign promises to change tone in congress , pelosi has excluded republicans from first burst of legislation .

@1816303.highlights
bob herbert op-ed column lambastes pres bush for his refusal to withdraw troops from iraq .
says more than 3,000 american troops have been killed in war of futility and that american public no longer supports us involvement in iraq .
calls on politicians to take action rather than watching helplessly as bush administration continues to commit troops .

@1816304.highlights
peter w klein op-ed article recounts shocking discovery that his father , fred -lrb- born frigyes -rrb- klein , was subject of secret fbi file during cold war .
says someone fabricated story about his law-abiding , immigrant father , resulting in 50-page file collected over period of years .
cautions intelligence agencies to learn lessons from newly declassified cold war files , to avoid repeating era of scares and witch hunts against innocent citizens .

@1816308.highlights
robert l nardelli 's $ 210 million exit package from home depot highlights expensive ` pay-for-failure ' golden handshakes executives tend to receive after being pressured to leave companies .
amounts seem unaffected by poor performance .
incentives to attract high-profile talent undermines shareholder value and do little to improve business .
recent exit packages of prominent executives are shown .

@1816325.highlights
veterans transition franchise initiative offers veterans assistance in setting up prospective franchises in deals not available to other investors .
business plan is aimed at encouraging and supporting military veterans .
study by pricewaterhousecoopers shows franchises have become increasingly appealing route for entrepreneurs , employing more than 18 million americans and generating more than $ 1.5 trillion .

@1816327.highlights
former iraqi dictator saddam hussein in final days before his execution turned to poetry , often his solace in times of difficulty , inspired by vision of himself as inseparably tied to those he led .
final poem , ` unbind it , ' compares iraqi people to his soul mate .
florid poem is mixture of defiance and reflection .

@1816340.highlights
ouster of home depot chairman-chief executive robert l nardelli , former executive at general electric , raises anew question of whether ge executives are so bankable when they switch to new companies .
many management experts say answer is not necessarily .
nardelli joins lawrence r johnston , another high-flying ge executive who left in 2001 for troubled tenure at albertson 's , among alumni who did not live up to expectations .
gary c wendt tapped in june 2000 to run conseco inc after building ge capital services .
conseco filed for bankruptcy protection two months after wendt stepped down in october 2002 .
jeffrey r immelt started at ge in 1982 .
he has sold off lackluster business and prodded managers to focus on ` organic growth ' since taking over as chief executive in 2001 .

@1816341.highlights
market place column .
surprising resignation of home depot chairman-chief executive robert l nardelli is victory for shareholders hoping to force corporate directors to be more accountable on increasingly incendiary issue of executive pay .
even though board gave him $ 20 million that was not part of his employment contract , departure seems to be watershed .
no longer can executives demand -- and directors happily grant -- contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars without at least some shareholders saying word .
nardelli 's resignation seems to indicate rising fear among home depot 's directors that they would be subject to even more investor ire and personal embarrassment during 2007 proxy season than they encountered in 2006 , when nardelli ran annual shareholder meeting like lord over his fief .

@1816342.highlights
david pogue column on computer backup systems .
says microsoft and apple have built automated backup software into latest versions of their operating systems , both to be introduced this year .
holds xdrive and mediamax offers as much as 25 gigabytes of free backups .
mozy and carbonite offer unlimited storage for less than $ 55 per year .

@1816344.highlights
mother suspects that weight gain from psychiatric drug zyprexa may have contributed to heart disease that killed her 41-year-old son .
john eric kauffman took drug for five years for symptoms of acute psychosis , and gained 80 pounds before being found dead last year at his home in decator , ga .
eli lilly , which makes zyprexa , issues statement noting that kauffman had other medical conditions that could have led to his death .
claims zyprexa is ` lifesaving drug ' .
weight gain is common side effect of zyprexa .
for many patients , side effects are severe .
but connecting them to specific deaths can be difficult , because people with mental illness develop potentially life-threatening diseases more frequently than other adults .
in 2002 , statistical analysis conducted for eli lilly found that compared with older antipsychotic drug haldol , patients taking zyprexa would be significantly more likely to develop heart disease .
whether lilly adequately disclosed risks are central issues in thousands of product-liability lawsuits pending against company , and in state and federal investigations .
kauffman 's mother millie beik describes her son 's illness .

@1816345.highlights
federal election assistance commission bars ciber inc from testing nation 's electronic voting systems after finding flaws in its quality-control procedures and lack of required documentation on tests it conducted .
ciber is largest tester of voting machine software and has tested most of nation 's electronic voting systems .
it has also come under fire from analysts hired by new york state over its plans to test new voting machines for state .
experts say ciber problems underscore longstanding worries about lax inspections in secretive world of voting-machine testing .
say deficiencies of ciber laboratory suggest that crucial features like vote-counting software and security against hacking may not have been thoroughly tested on many machines now in use .
ciber says it is fixing its problems and expects to gain certification soon .

@1816348.highlights
prosecutors say government will rely largely on wiretapped conversations when it puts jose padilla , adham hassoun and kifah jayyousi on trial as ` north american support cell ' that sent money , goods and recruits abroad to assist ` global jihad ' .
say 230 recorded conversations form core of government 's case , including 21 that make reference to padilla .
but padilla , who is american citizen , does not discuss violent plots on any of seven calls on which his voice is heard .
padilla 's criminal trial will feature none of initial claims about violent plotting with al qaeda that then-atty gen john ashcroft cited as justification for detaining him without formal charges for three and half years .
those claims came from government 's overseas interrogations of terrorism suspects like abu zubaydah .
government claims that padilla corroborated them , in part , during his own questioning , but strict federal rules of evidence prohibit or limit use of information obtained during such interrogations .
government will make far more circumscribed case against padilla in court , effectively demoting him from al qaeda 's dirty bomber to foot soldier in somewhat nebulous conspiracy .
case recalled .

@1816363.highlights
home depot board dismisses chairman and chief executive robert l nardelli with $ 210 million exit package .
surprise move comes only two weeks after board publicly supported him amid mounting questions about his compensation , business strategy and autocratic management style .
nardelli reportedly challenged efforts of directors who sought in recent months to rein in his compensation under terms of his current contract .
over six years as chief executive , he has taken home $ 64 million and was on track to earn hundreds of millions more .
his fall is latest illustration of chief executives and boards coming under pressure when rich executive pay yields few apparent returns in form of rising stock price or improving profits .
outsize executive pay has increasingly become flash point for investors , lawmakers and regulators .
in nardelli 's case , critics are also incensed by his gold-plated exit .

