@15
Who sat in the offices on Seventh Ave? Bob Shaye and Michael Lynne
What is the name of themega movie? The Lord of the Rings
when did the movie open? Wednesday

@73
What did Johnny Depp hurl at his wife's face? A cell phone.
What is the name of Johnny Depp's wife? Amber Heard
When did Johnny Depp batter his wife? During his drunken rage

@121
Where did the earthquake happen? New Zealand
When did the earthquake happen? On Friday morning
What is the magnitude of the earthquake? 7.2

@185
How many people did the man kill in Nice? 84
What do the family of the man doubt? The man may link with Islamic State
What do the French authorities say about the man? He may have been radicalised very quickly

@240
Who killed the victim? A German former police
How long has he been sentenced for? 8 years and 6 months
Who was the willing victim? A cannibalism fetishists

@297
Who has been accused? A Melbourne pharmacist
Why does he been accused? Because he stole lots of drugs.
How much is the drugs that the pharmacist stole worth? More than $80,000

@307
How old is the Katoomba man? 80
where did the Katoomba man go missing from? A nursing home
When did the Katoomba man go missing? On Saturday night

@333
Whose concert did the actor Johnny Depp join? Willie Nelson & Family and Alison Krauss's
When did they meet? On Tuesday
Where was the concert held? At the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion

@422
What caused the mother and the baby's death? A horrific train crash
How old is the baby? 18 months old
How many people injured in the train crash? 108

@467
Who is the New Jersey Governor? Chris Christie
What is Chris Christie's proposal about the immigrants? To track foreign visitors the way FedEx tracks packages
What does Chris Christie comment on the criticism of his proposal? Ridiculous

@500
Where did Warriors fans want to go on Monday? Oracle Arena
What did The transit agency announce on Sunday? It would end track repairs early
When will normal service begin again? 3 p.m. Monday

@527
What did Authorities in the Iraqi city of Tikrit declare? A curfew
How many people did the suicide bomber kill? 9
What did the Authorities of Tikrit say? There's information more attacks are possible after the suicide bomber

@602
Why was Jason London arrested? Because he got involved in a a bar brawl
What is the name of the bar? Martini Ranch bar
How old was Jason London? 40

@627
Who was the king of the Harlem numbers racket and the legend of New York's underworld? Spanish Raymond Marquez
Why did he give up the gambling business? Because he's tired of being hounded
How old is Raymond Marquez? 71

@655
Where did the Islamist attack happen? At the Paris offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo
How many people were gunned down in the attack? 12
When did the two brothers suspected were spotted? On Thursday morning

@731
Why did the woman die? She suffered serious head injuries
Where did the woman die? In a Sydney hospital

@756
Who stolen Internet credentials from major US companies? Russian hackers
How many Internet credentials have been stolen? 1.2 billion
Which firm says the news? Hold Security

@757
How much money does the Honest Company raise? $25 million
Where does the Honest Company raise money from? VCs

@760
How old is Paige Hyland? 13
What does Paige Hyland suffer? Panic attacks
What does Paige Hyland fear? Injury from Miller

@785
Who have been blamed for rising London house prices? Foreign buyers
What do the estate agents say? The rental market has seen a rise in Russian interest

@810
Who has been killed? Jefferson Heavner
Who killed Jefferson Heavner? Marvin Jacob Lee
Where did the shooting take place? On an icy road in Catawba County, North Carolina

@824
When did the intercept take place? On same day Secretary Kerry met with China's Xi Jinping
What did Secretary Kerry and China's Xi Jinping do during the meeting? They discussed the rising military and economic tensions

@836
What are SUNSET PARK  Marchers expected to participate in? The fifth annual Sunset Park Parade of Flags
What will the parade include? Representatives of churches, civic organizations and schools displaying their banners
What will the the U.S. Postal Service do to commemorate the event? It will produce a special cancellation

@838
How many employees has AOL laid off? About 100
Where did the layoffs take place? AOL's dial-up division
How many subscribers does AOL's dial-up division still service? 2.1 million

@857
Who has been taken to hospital? A Sydney girl
How old is the Sydney girl? 4
Why has the girl been taken to hospital? She suffered a cardiac arrest

@865
What is the title of Jane Powell's 1988 autobiography? "The Girl Next Door and How She Grew"
What did Jane Powell introduce at the Brattle Theatre? The films "Royal Wedding"(1951)
When was the fourth annual TCM Classic Film Festival? April 25-28

@888
How many people have been confirmed dead because of Cyclone Pam? 6
Where did the Cyclone Pam tear across? Vanuatu
What did the information from remote communities show? The number of deaths expected to rise

@892
What is the name of the circus soap opera? "Powerplay"
Where will this opera be performed? In Central Park

@914
Who has made good on his promise? French President Francois Holland
What did Holland promise to do? he promised to to deliver a "merciless" response to the Paris attacks
Where did the fighter jets attack? The Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa in Syria

@921
Who is Jacques Derrida? He is one of most celebrated and notoriously difficult philosophers of late 20th century
How old was Jacques Derrida when he died? 74
What was Jacques Derrida known for? He was known as father of deconstruction

@945
What cause Frieda Pushnik's death? Bladder cancer
What role did Frieda Pushnik play in Ripley's and Barnum's sideshows? She appeared as as the ''Armless and Legless Wonder''
How old was Frieda Pushnik when she died? 77

@968
What did Larry Gilliard Jr give up to go into acting? A promising career as a clarinetist
When did Larry Gilliard Jr break into movies as the lead in "Straight Out of Brooklyn"? In 1989
Where is Larry Gilliard Jr from? New York

@976
Which group won the city approval to build the Merano? The Boston Development Group
How many apartments will Merano have? 231
How much will the building project cost? $165 million

@1018
How old is Ahmad Rashad Siddiqi? 27
what does Ahmad Rashad Siddiqi face? He faces life in prison
Why was Ahmad Rashad Siddiqi arrested? Because he stabbed his girlfriend 18 times

@1039
Which city had to evacuate the public? Canadian city of Fort McMurray
How did describe the ferocious wildfire? "unpredictable and dangerous"
When will the wildfire double in size? Maybe within 24 hours

@1061
Who resigned on Friday? David Cameron
How has Boris Johnson broken his slicence? He put forward vision of a Britain removed from the EU

@1062
Whose company does Berkshire Hathaway Inc belong to? Warren Buffett 's
What does Berkshire Hathaway Inc want to buy ? Procter & Gamble Co's Duracell battery business
How much is the stake in the world's No. 1 household products maker? $4.7 billion

@1066
What gives Telegraph readers the chance to witness the Tour de France 2016? Skoda
Why does Skoda the chance to witness therace? To celebrate the Tour de France 2016
how many stages do Telegraph readers have chance to witness? 6

@1075
How many people have been killed in the accident? 3
What cause the people's deaths and injuries? A crash between two vehicles
Where did the accident happen? North of Perth

@1080
Who is Tom Jackson? A British backpacker
Where did Tom Jackson die yesterday? He died in a Queensland hospital
What did people do to help help the family of Tom Jackson? A fundraiser has been set up to help the family

@1104
What did the investigation revealed one year before? It revealed restaurants and stores across Massachusetts were routinely selling customers cheaper, lower quality fish than they promised consumers
What does the new round of DNA testing show? It shows that the vast majority are still mislabeling seafood
How many seafood samples did the Globe collect? 76

@1106
What is the "second screen"? The use of smartphones and tablets while watching TV
What is Shazam? It's an audio-recognition app used to identify what song is playing
When will Shazam announce the partnership with Mindshare? On Monday

@1114
What is the name of the film? "Palo Alto"
Who is the film's writer director? Gia Coppola
Whose book is the film adapted from? Franco's

@1117
What does the 1980 Consumer Expenditure Survey of Product Marketing report? It reports a surge in volume for just about all categories of no-frills toiletries
How much did Vaseline cost in print advertising? Less than $300,000
When were sales of Pond's Cold Cream up 32 percent? In 1979

@1130
What did Kenyan police do at children? They fired tear gas at children
How old are the children? between 8 and 13
What did the children do? They protested against the seizure of their school playground

@1135
Which company is the nation's largest retailer? Roebuck & Company
What was the company accused of? Discriminating against blacks and Hispanic Americans
How many people does the company employ? More than 400000

@1137
What happened in more than a dozen cities and towns across England? Spreading urban violence erupted
When had most of the violence been brought under control? Until 5 A.M.
What did the senior Government official say about some cities? He said,''we are facing anarchy.''

@1155
What has the nuclear industry done to protect the country's nuclear units? It has made a last-minute push to urge the Obama administration to protect the nuclear units
How many nuclear units does the nuclear industry want to protect in new rule? 100
When did the representatives of the Nuclear Energy Institute meet with White House officials? On July 21

@1059
What did Patrick Willis say at his retirement press conference? He said he wouldn't consider a comeback
What role did Patrick Willis play in 49ers? Inside linebacker
How long did Davis announce that he will take away from the NFL? "a year or so"

@1166
When did the diminutive humans die out? About 15,000 years ago
What did the study published Monday show? Diminutive humans that died out on an Indonesian island were not Homo sapiens but a different species
What does the study cause? A fierce anthropological debate

@1167
Who is the House Speaker? Robert A. DeLeo
What has Robert A. DeLeo said? He said that the House will back a bill that restricts the use of noncompetes to a 12 month period
What do tech-industry figures think of the bill? They think that's still too restrictive

@1170
What did HSBC do? It fired Stuart Scott
Who is Stuart Scott? HSBC's European head of currency trading
How much was the bank fined a month ago? $618 million

@1216
What is the new addition to the SoHo arts scene? Nike Fine Arts Gallery
Who is Natalia Doudko? A lawyer from Moscow whose avocation is art
What is the theme of the show? "Beauty Will Save the World"

@1219
Who helped Bill Clinton manage the 1992 presidential campaign? Democratic political strategists James Carville and Paul Begala
When will the duo join the issues-oriented talk show? 7 p.m. April 1
What did Begala say yesterday? "Very often, the definition of a liberal is someone who is afraid to take"

@1222
What is Mark Zuckerberg going to do at Harvard? He is going to give a recruiting talk
How long since Mark Zuckerberg dropped out to start Facebook? 7 years
What does Mark Zuckerberg's arrival highlight? The current state of technological entrepreneurship at Harvard

@1240
What happend in Central Park yesterday? The annual Easter egg hunt in Central Park turned into chaos
How many people were hurt in the chaos? 6
How old is Donna Gordon's daughter? 20 months old

@1242
When did Stephen Leacock die? In 1944
Which prize did Stephen Leacock win? He won a Mark Twain award
When and where will John Stark recreate Leacock? Tomorrow night at 8 o'clock at the Vandam Theater

@1247
How many cattle does Indonesia want to import? 300,000
Who said that Indonesia want to import cattle? Indonesia's new trade minister
Why does Indonesia want to import cattle? Because it wants to correct the nation's beef shortage and drive down prices

@1250
What is Christopher J. Baldwin? The new president and chief operating officer of BJ's Wholesale Club
When will Baldwin begin working for BJ's? On September 8

@1259
When did European markets rally? On Thursday
What do European markets hope? More aggressive stimulus measures
What did analysts say about investors? They said investors could be "getting ahead of themselves"

@1261
When did OPEC's monthly report out? Later on Monday
Why did oil prices dip on Monday in Asia? Because weakening demand weighed on markets
How much were front-month Brent crude futures down? 37 cents

@1264
Which company is America's largest energy investor? BP America
What has the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce announced? It has announced BP America as the corporate chair of its 2015 National Convention
Where will the 2015 National Convention take place?  In Houston, Texas

@1293
How old is Aaron Wilkinson? 18
Where was Aaron Wilkinson when he was found? 20 miles away from his home in Lebanon, Maine
What were the knives and a machete ued to do? To stab Aaron Wilkinson

@1309
How many men have been charged with murder? 2
Where did the woman die? At a Perth hospital

@1325
What does Sony BMG plan to do? It plans to recall millions of CD's 
Why does Sony BMG plan to recall millions of CD's? Because they contain copy restriction software that poses risks to the computers of consumers

@1342
What does Jeff Bezos's letter offer? It offers a glimpse into Amazon's internal workings and what it is aiming for in the future
What is the name of Amazon's fresh grocery business? Prime Fresh
How much is Prime Fresh's membership for a year? $299

@1351
Who does David Weininger speak with? Emily Davidson
What do they talk about? They talk about the Emergence Quartet about a new program meant to illustrate the roots of the genre
When and where will the new program be performed? July 8 through 10 around Boston

@1379
Where did the presidential candidate make a speech? In Florissant, Missouri
When did the presidential candidate make a speech? On Tuesday

@1381
Why have other companies rushed to rethink aspects of urban transportation? Because of Uber's rapid growth and swelling market cap
What does the startup Chariot offer? A new way to survive the daily commute
How much do rides cost apiece? Between $3 and $5

@1411
When did Ron Edmonds make pictures of the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan? On March 30, 1981
Which prize did Ron Edmonds win by the photo? The Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography
What did Ron Edmonds do on the 30th anniversary? He talked to LightBox about the story behind the pictures

@1422
When are crowds set to march through London? On Saturday
Why do crowds protest against? Britain's vote to leave the EU
What did Britain's vote to leave the EU cause? It plunged the government into political turmoil and left the country deeply polarised

@1431
Who is Natalia Narochnitskaya? Former Motherland party representative
What did Natalia Narochnitskaya discuss about? She discussed Russia's stance on Ukraine, ISIL and Syria

@1458
What technology will Google introduce? A new search technology to help publishers sell books online
Who will host a press conference today? Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin
Where is the press conference? In Germany

@1462
What happened to the Brooklyn Bridge? Two steel cables snapped last evening
How long had the bridge been closed for? More than three hours
When were cars permitted to across the bridge again? At about 9:15 P.M.

@1476
Where did the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra give its final local performance of the season? In Sanders Theatre
How many concerts will the Orchestra have in Netherlands next month? 5 concerts
Who does BPYO draw through undergraduate years? Advanced students all the way

@1485
Which party does Francis T. Purcell belong to? He is a Republican
How old is Mr. Purcell when he ran again for re-election as Nassau County Executive? 63
What does the party poll show? It shows that Mr. Purcell leading his closest challenger this time by a 2-1 margin

@1527
Who is Dr. Richard J. Wyatt? He is chief of the neuropsychiatry branch at the National Institute of Mental Health
How old was Dr. Richard J. Wyatt when he died? 63
Why did Dr. Richard J. Wyatt die according to his wife? Because of lung cancer

@1540
Who is the Duke of Cambridge? Prince William
Who is Prince William married with? Kate Middleton

@1545
Who were enslaved by ISIL? Yazidi women and children
How many Yazidi women and children were enslaved? More than 1,000
Where are the women and children now to treat trauma? in Germany

@1558
Who do the Police have concerns for? A boy who has been missing for two days
How old is the boy? 11 years old
Where did the boy go missing? In Redland Bay, south of Brisbane

@1565
What is the key supplier to action-camera maker GoPro? Chip maker Ambarella
What is Ambarella poised to do? To report its first annual sales decline
Why does Ambarella prepare to report its sales decline? Because sales are expected to remain sluggish in the holiday quarter

@1597
What did the Senate Judiciary Committee approve? The nomination of Sandra Day O'Connor as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
how many members of Judiciary Committee voted in favor of the nomination? 17
Who voted voted "present"? Senator Jeremiah Denton, Republican of Alabama

@1606
Who is Jeffrey Gundlach? A top money manager
How many percent will the Fed reverse its taper plans? 50%
When did Jeffrey Gundlach tell CNBC the news? On Wednesday

@1607
What does the industrial Internet want to streamline? The lives of businesses
What is the industrial Internet using to help streamline? Software
Which firm is one of the major firms looking to benefit? GE

@1679
Who is Narvekar? The currently head of Columbia University's endowment
When will Narvekar take over Harvard's fund? In December
How much does Harvard's fund have? $35.7 billion

@1684
When was Jaycee Dugard snatched off the street? In 1991
How long has Jaycee Dugard been held captive in the back yard of convicted sex offender Phillip Garrido? Nearly two decades
How old was Dugard when she disappeared? 1 years old

@1686
What is the name of the long-lost son's "dad"? Bennett Propp
When did Bennett Propp kidnapp Matthew Propp? 22 years ago
What does Bennett Propp face? A Queens Supreme Court hearing tomorrow on criminal charges

@1692
What is the name of Bellini's new production? "I Puritani"
What does "I Puritani" talk about? A fiery tale of religious mania and nearly thwarted love
What is the background of "I Puritani"? English Civil War around 1650

@1703
Who is Alfred Schnittke? A soviet-era Russian composer
What is the name of the familiar Christmas carol? "Stille Nacht"
What does Alfred Schnittke want to express through his "Stille Nacht"? He wants to express tacit dissent against a stifling system

@1719
What has Facebook done according to sources? Facebook has held preliminary discussions with the major record companies
Why does Fackbook discuss with the major record companies? Because Facebook is seeking music video licensing deals

@1722
When did Germany's parliament passe legislation? On Friday 
What does the legislation require? It requires major companies to allot 30 percent of seats on non-executive boards to women

@1725
Who discusses plans for the upcoming CBS show? Stephen Colbert
What is the name of the  CBS show? "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert"
When will Stephen Colbert premiere his show? Sept. 8.

@1735
Who is Texas Nationalist Movement President? Daniel Miller
What does Daniel Miller say? The Scotland vote on independence was a wake-up call for the world

@1737
When did stock rise? Tuesday
What is Alcoa? An aluminum-producer
What topped expectations in Alcoa? Earnings and revenue

@1742
How many scoreless innings did Kenta Maeda throw? 2
Which team does Kenta Maeda belong to? Los Angeles Dodgers
What was the final score of the game between Los Angeles Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks? 7-2

@1753
What do Wildlife officers euthanise? An estuarine crocodile
How long is the estuarine crocodile? 4.3m
Who has been killed by the crocodile? Cindy Waldron

@1773
Who was fired by Warner Brothers? Ted Griffin
When was the film The Graduate shown? In 1967
Who will replace Ted Griffin after 12 days of shooting? Rob Reiner

@1787
What was stormed by protesters four years ago? Tehran building
What reopens with ceremony? The embassy
Who will attend the ceremony? Philip Hammond

@1795
How many people have been killed in the blast? At least 10
Where did the blast happen? At a market
Whose home city does the market in? Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's

@1816
What was shot down over Ukraine? Malaysia Airlines flight MH17
How many people were killed? 298
what is the name of the Perth man killed in the air disaster? Nick Norris
