@15:  
On a recent morning, New Line Cinema bosses Bob Shaye and Michael Lynne sat in their offices on Seventh Ave. looking over audience research on their mega movie \"The Lord of the Rings,\" which opens Wednesday.\n   \"It has incredible awareness,\" Lynne said, jumping up from his seat. \"This is the moment before something very incredible can happen.\"\n   \"I tend to be conservative,\" Shaye said more hesitantly. \"With some

@73:  
Johnny Depp wound up like a \u201cbaseball pitcher\u201d and hurled a cell phone at wife Amber Heard\u2019s face during a drunken rage.

@121:  
An earthquake of magnitude 7.2 has struck off the east coast of New Zealand early on Friday morning.

@185:  
The family of the man who killed 84 people in Nice doubt his Islamic State links, but French authorities say he may have been radicalised very quickly.

@240:  
A German former police officer has been sentenced to eight years and six months in jail for killing a willing victim he met on a website for cannibalism fetishists.

@297:  
A Melbourne pharmacist is accused of stealing more than $80,000 worth of drugs.

@307:  
An 80-year-old Katoomba man has been found safe after going missing from a nursing home on Saturday night.

@333:  
The actor joined Nelson and Alison Krauss on Tuesday at the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion

@422:  
A New Jersey mother with an 18-month-old baby has been named as the sole fatality of a horrific train crash which injured 108 people.

@467:  
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie pushed back against \"ridiculous\" criticism of his proposal to track foreign visitors the way FedEx tracks packages.

@500:  
Warriors fans heading to Oracle Arena on Monday have one less thing to worry about: BART will resume service between San Leandro and Bay Fair stations that afternoon.  The transit agency announced Sunday that it would end track repairs early, easing congestion along the Fremont and Dublin\/Pleasanton lines.  Normal service will begin at 3 p.m. Monday to accommodate the huge crowds expected for Game 7 of the Western Conference basketball playoffs.

@527:  
Authorities in the Iraqi city of Tikrit have declared a curfew, saying there's information more attacks are possible after a suicide bomber killed nine people.

@602:  
Jason London, known for his role as Randall \"Pink\" Floyd in popular '90s flick \"Dazed and Confused\" was arrested Sunday night when a bar fight broke out in Scottsdale, Ariz. The 40-year-old was taken into police custody after they were called to the scene at the Martini Ranch bar and found London there nursing a swollen eye, showing his involvement in a bar brawl.

@627:  
By ROBERT INGRASSIA daily news staff writer With a flair for figures and a tenacious organization, Spanish Raymond Marquez earned his place in the lore and legend of New York's underworld. Now, after nearly half a century as the king of the Harlem numbers racket, Marquez swears he's retired. He says he gave up the gambling business reluctantly because he's tired of being hounded by District Attorney Robert Morgenthau and his underlings. But Marquez, 71,

@655:  
Two brothers suspected of having gunned down 12 people in an Islamist attack on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo were spotted Thursday morning and are armed, sources close to the manhunt said.

@731:  
A woman who suffered serious head injuries in an apparent Sydney domestic attack has died in hospital.

@756:  
The US firm Hold Security says Russian hackers have stolen 1.2 billion internet credentials from major US companies.

@757:  
The Honest Company raises $25 million from VCs.

@760:  
Dancer Paige Hyland, 13, suffers from panic attacks and feared injury from Miller, the lawsuit claims

@785:  
Foreign buyers have been blamed for rising London house prices, but estate agents say the rental market has seen a rise in Russian interest.

@810:  
Marvin Jacob Lee allegedly shot Jefferson Heavner to death on an icy road in Catawba County, North Carolina

@824:  
Intercept took place on same day Secretary Kerry met with China's Xi Jinping to discuss rising military and economic tensions

@836:  
SUNSET PARK  Marchers carrying flags from more than 50 nations are expected to participate in the fifth annual Sunset Park Parade of Flags. \n  Sponsored by the Sunset Park Business Improvement District with Sunset Park Restoration, the parade will include representatives of churches, civic organizations and schools displaying their banners. \n  The U.S. Postal Service will produce a special cancellation commemorating the event. Anyone interested in a free cancellation should bring an envelope with a stamp to

@838:  
Two-thirds of the layoffs are in AOL's dial-up division, which still services 2.1 million subscribers.

@857:  
A four-year-old Sydney girl has been taken to hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest.

@865:  
As an MGM star, Jane Powell was \u201cthe girl next door\u201d \u2014 she even titled her 1988 autobiography \u201cThe Girl Next Door and How She Grew.\u201d The frequent description of her as pert and perky still fits. At 83, Powell is lithe (she credits Pilates), with sparkling eyes, creamy skin and an unassuming manner that belies her stature as Hollywood royalty. Powell was in Boston with film historian Leonard Maltin recently to introduce a sold-out screening of one of her best-known films, \u201cRoyal Wedding\u201d (1951) at the Brattle Theatre. Boston is one of 10 cities on TCM\u2019s \u201cRoad to Hollywood,\u201d showcasing classic films and live appearances by silver screen luminaries to publicize the fourth annual TCM Classic Film Festival, set for April 25-28 in Hollywood.

@888:  
Six people have been confirmed dead in the Vanuatu capital of Port Vila after Cyclone Pam tore across the island nation, with that number expected to rise as information comes through from remote communities.

@892:  
RAYON AND NUCLEAR POWER   So these two clowns journey to the ''Manhattan crater'' where the final destruction began way back in 1981, two centuries ago, and meet up with a wise mutant who survived it. She knows what happened but does not like to talk about it. This takes place in ''Powerplay,'' which will be performed in Central Park just south of the Bandshell, off 72d Street, this afternoon at 3 o'clock by the Bond Street Theater Coalition.

@914:  
French President Francois Hollande has made good on his promise to deliver a \"merciless\" response to the Paris attacks, with fighter jets launching France\u2019s biggest raid in Syria to date on the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa.

@921:  
Jacques Derrida, one of most celebrated and notoriously difficult philosophers of late 20th century, dies at age of 74; he was known as father of deconstruction, method of inquiry that asserts that all writing is full of confusion and contradiction, that author's intent could not overcome inherent contradictions of langugage itself, robbing texts of truthfulness, absolute meaning and permanence; photo (L)

@945:  
Frieda Pushnik, who used being born without limbs to achieve a remunerative career, not to mention a quirky celebrity, by appearing in Ripley's and Barnum's sideshows as the ''Armless and Legless Wonder,'' died of bladder cancer on Dec. 24 at her home in Costa Mesa, Calif. She was 77.    ''At least they didn't call me brainless,'' she said with the wit that -- when combined with demonstrations of skills including writing, typing and sewing -- carried her sideshow performances beyond peculiarity to a lesson in adaptation and determination.

@968:  
Music's loss was film's gain. Larry Gilliard Jr., who broke into movies in 1989 as the lead in Matty Rich's acclaimed independent feature \"Straight Out of Brooklyn,\"gave up a promising career as a clarinetist to go into acting. Since his role as Dennis Brown in \"Straight...,\"the native New Yorker, who attended Juilliard, has done his fair share of acting, with TV roles in \"Homicide,\"\"The George Foreman Show\"and \"New York Undercover,\"as well

@976:  
A Newton developer is moving forward with construction of a 14-story hotel and apartment complex across from the TD Garden, one of several projects that could help reinvent the area in coming years. The Boston Development Group on Thursday night won city approval to build the Merano, which will include a 210-room Courtyard Marriott hotel, 231 apartments, restaurants, and retail shops. Construction of the $165 million project is planned to start in the fall.

@1018:  
Ahmad Rashad Siddiqi, 27, faces life in prison after he was convicted of stabbing his girlfriend 18 times

@1039:  
A ferocious wildfire that forced the evacuation of the Canadian city of Fort McMurray remains \"unpredictable and dangerous\" and could double in size within 24 hours, authorities have warned.

@1059:  
New apps running on Lumias, Surface Hubs make it easier to track play.

@1061:  
Boris Johnson has broken his silence for the first time since David Cameron\u2019s resignation on Friday with his vision of a Britain removed from the EU.

@1062:  
Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc said it would buy Procter & Gamble Co's Duracell battery business in exchange for its entire $4.7 billion stake in the world's No. 1 household products maker.

@1066:  
To celebrate the Tour de France 2016, Skoda is giving Telegraph readers the chance to witness the race in action over six exhilarating stages

@1075:  
Three people have been killed and another hospitalised after a crash between two vehicles north of Perth.

@1080:  
A fundraiser has been set up to help the family of British backpacker Tom Jackson, who died in a Queensland hospital yesterday.&nbsp;

@1104:  
A year after a Globe investigation revealed restaurants and stores across Massachusetts were routinely selling customers cheaper, lower quality fish than they promised consumers, a new round of DNA testing shows that the vast majority are still mislabeling seafood. Over the past several months, the Globe collected 76 seafood samples from 58 of the restaurants and markets that sold mislabeled fish last year. DNA testing on those samples found 76 percent of these fish samples weren\u2019t what was advertised.

@1106:  
The choice of song has long been critical to a commercial\u2019s success. But with the increasing importance of the \u201csecond screen\u201d \u2014 the use of smartphones and tablets while watching TV \u2014 a viewer\u2019s connection to an ad can come through any kind of audio at all. Many of these connections are made through Shazam, an audio-recognition app used to identify what song is playing. Shazam has come to play a prominent role in advertising. On Monday, Shazam will announce a partnership with the giant media services agency Mindshare that could result in far more of those kinds of audio integrations through a new program called Audio+. It could also chart some new territory for the growing area of audio branding.

@1114:  
Writer director Gia Coppola and writer actor James Franco talk about their film \u201cPalo Alto,\u201d adapted from Franco\u2019s book.

@1117:  
No-frills cosmetics - Vaseline, Lubriderm Lotion, Johnson & Johnson's Baby Shampoo, Pond's Cold Cream and Albolene, to name just a few -are products that perform basic beauty functions such as moisturizing, soothing, cleansing or protecting the skin or hair.  Lacking fancy packaging, they have a plain-Jane appearance and bear very reasonable price tags. Many of these products have been around for decades, but they have never been more popular than they are now.    The 1980 Consumer Expenditure Survey of Product Marketing, a trade publication, reports a surge in volume for just about all categories of no-frills toiletries. The publication estimates that sales of Pond's Cold Cream, for example, were up 32 percent in 1979. And the makers of Vaseline report that, with less than $300,000 in print advertising, 1979 sales of petrolatum (pure petroleum jelly) were up 10 percent over the previous year. Sales are also on the upswing for baby products, whose reputation for being exceptionally pure and safe has attracted customers of all ages and sexes. Sales of Johnson & Johnson's Baby Shampoo, Baby Oil, Baby Cream and Baby Lotion, for example, are soaring even though the birthrate is not.

@1130:  
Kenyan police fired tear gas at children as young as eight protesting on Monday against the seizure of their school playground by a property developer.

@1135:  
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and Sears, Roebuck & Company, the nation's largest retailer, reached a settlement today terminating four lawsuits in which the company had been accused of discriminating against blacks and Hispanic Americans.    The settlement calls for Sears to modify personnel practices at all its facilities. The company has 855 retail stores in all 50 states and Puerto Rico, and employs more than 400,000 people.

@1137:  
Spreading urban violence erupted in more than a dozen cities and towns across England yesterday and early today as policemen and firemen fought to control thousands of black, white and Asian youths on a spree of rioting, burning and looting.   A senior Government official said that the disturbances, which came as the epidemic of violence in the dilapidated inner cities entered its second week, were the most widespread to date. In some cities, he said, ''we are facing anarchy.''   By 5 A.M., most of the violence had been brought under control, but sirens and burglar alarms could still be heard through the streets of London, and palls of smoke rose from half a dozen districts. From Battersea and Brixton in the south to Stoke Newington in the north, and from Chiswick in the west to Walthamstow in the east, rocks and shattered glass littered at least 10 multiracial neighborhoods.

@1155:  
WASHINGTON, July 31- The U.S. nuclear industry has made a last-minute push to urge the Obama administration to protect the country's 100 nuclear units in its forthcoming carbon rule and prevent the early retirement of several plants. Representatives of the Nuclear Energy Institute met on July 21 with White House officials who are currently reviewing the...

@1166:  
Diminutive humans that died out on an Indonesian island some 15,000 years ago were not Homo sapiens but a different species, according to a study published Monday that dives into a fierce anthropological debate.

@1167:  
House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo has said the House will back a bill that restricts the use of noncompetes to a 12 month period. Some tech-industry figures think that\u2019s still too restrictive

@1170:  
HSBC fired Stuart Scott, its European head of currency trading, a month after the bank was fined $618 million over the issue.

@1216:  
Nike Fine Arts Gallery is a new addition to the SoHo arts scene, and the inaugural exhibition there is sure to make it a winner (Nike is the Greek goddess of victory). Curated and organized by Natalia Doudko, a lawyer from Moscow whose avocation is art, the more than 150 works by 46 Georgian and Russian artists express the theme of the show, \"Beauty Will Save the World.\"The artists are graduates of arts schools

@1219:  
Democratic political strategists James Carville and Paul Begala, who helped manage Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign, are gearing up to battle on CNN's nightly debate series \"Crossfire.\"The duo will join the issues-oriented, 7 p.m. talk show April 1 as foils for conservative anchors Robert Novak and Tucker Carlson. \"Very often, the definition of a liberal is someone who is afraid to take

@1222:  
Mark Zuckerberg is giving a recruiting talk at Harvard, seven years after he dropped out to start Facebook. His arrival highlights the current state of technological entrepreneurship at Harvard.

@1240:  
The annual Easter egg hunt in Central Park turned into chaos yesterday when prizes were tossed up for grabs, touching off a stampede in a crowd of several thousand people. Scores were knocked to the ground, six were hurt, dozens of youngsters were separated from their parents and police reinforcements had to be summoned to restore order.   ''I saw people getting stepped on and trampled,'' said Donna Gordon of Manhattan, who accompanied her 20-month-old daughter, Kim, and a neighbor's 10-year-old son, Trevor Little. ''People were crying, screaming - the works.''

@1242:  
FROM CANADA   Stephen Leacock, who died in 1944, was a Canadian economist turned writer, a humorist who had the rare ability to make an otherwise silent, sedentary reader burst into laughter at a line of thought that was funny, if not hilarious. He won a Mark Twain award and was admired by his fellow humorist Robert Benchley, whose mind often scampered in similar whimsical directions.   Leacock will be recreated tomorrow night at 8 o'clock at the Vandam Theater, 15 Vandam Street (675-0498) in Greenwich Village, in a one-man show in which the one man is John Stark. Mr. Stark, a Canadian, has been acting Leacock and his words for years, bringing both alive in Canada and Britain.   Leacock, who in Prohibition times was denied admission to dry states and a Carnegie Hall lecture because he refused to be parted from his bottle of gin, later sent a telegram: ''No hooch, no spooch.'' He explained that his lecture fees were quite re asonable: ''I find out how much money you've got, and I never charge a cent more.''

@1247:  
Indonesia's new trade minister reportedly wants to import up to 300,000 head of cattle to correct the nation's beef shortage and drive down prices.

@1250:  
Christopher J. Baldwin has been named the new president and chief operating officer of BJ\u2019s Wholesale Club. Baldwin will begin working for BJ\u2019s on September 8.

@1259:  
European markets rallied on Thursday on hopes of more aggressive stimulus measures but analysts warn investors could be \"getting ahead of themselves.\"

@1261:  
*OPEC's monthly report out later on Monday. SINGAPORE, Sept 14- Oil prices dipped on Monday in Asia as weakening demand weighed on markets, although U.S. futures received some support from reduced American drilling. Front-month Brent crude futures were down 37 cents at $47.77 per barrel at 0448 GMT.

@1264:  
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25, 2014-- The United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce has announced BP America\u2013 America's largest energy investor\u2013 as the corporate chair of its 2015 National Convention, set to take place September 20-22, 2015 in Houston, Texas.

@1293:  
Court documents say knives and a machete were used to stab 18-year-old Aaron Wilkinson, who was found 20 miles away from his home in Lebanon, Maine

@1309:  
Two men have been charged with murder after a woman was dumped and left to die at a Perth hospital.

@1325:  
Sony BMG plans to recall millions of CD's because they contain copy restriction software that poses risks to the computers of consumers.

@1342:  
Chief executive Jeff Bezos\u2019s annual letter to shareholders offers a glimpse into Amazon\u2019s internal workings and what it is aiming for in the future, including more grocery services and the much-discussed drone delivery. In the letter released Thursday, Bezos outlined Amazon\u2019s offerings, including its fresh grocery business called Prime Fresh, which it has offered for five years in Seattle and expanded to Los Angeles and San Francisco. For $299 a year members get same-day and early morning delivery on groceries and other items ranging from toys to electronics and household goods. Bezos said the goal is to expand to more cities over time.

@1351:  
David Weininger speaks with Emily Davidson of the Emergence Quartet about a new program meant to illustrate the roots of the genre, to be performed July 8 through 10 around Boston.

@1379:  
The presidential candidate made a speech in Florissant, Missouri, on Tuesday

@1381:  
In the wake of Uber\u2019s rapid growth and swelling market cap, other companies have rushed to rethink aspects of urban transportation. One of them\u00a0is Chariot, a startup that\u2019s offering a new way to survive the daily commute by running\u00a014-passenger\u00a0vans across San Francisco on five set routes during the morning and afternoon rush.\u00a0Rides cost between $3 and $5 apiece, and passengers can book from their smartphones and use mobile apps to monitor the location of the vans in real time. And, of course, coming in May, the buses will include onboard Wi-Fi.

@1411:  
Shaquille O'Neal's wife Shaunie was taken to the ER yesterday after a teenager slammed \"full speed\" into her car -- which was en route to the\u2026

@1422:  
Crowds are set to march through London on Saturday in protest against Britain's vote to leave the EU, which has plunged the government into political turmoil and left the country deeply polarised.

@1431:  
Former Motherland party representative Natalia Narochnitskaya discusses Russia's stance on Ukraine, ISIL and Syria.

@1458:  
. Google will introduce a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Web retailer Amazon. Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin will host a press conference today in Germany to demonstrate the technology at the Frankfurt Book Fair, an important showcase if the Internet search engine is to recruit the heavyweights of the book publishing industry. The service, called

@1462:  
Two steel cables on the Brooklyn Bridge snapped last evening, severely injuring a pedestrian and causing the bridge to be closed for more than three hours.   After the accident, which did not involve any of the strands supporting the weight of the roadway, traffic backed up on the Manhattan and Brooklyn sides until engineers assessed the damage.  Cars were permitted across again at about 9:15 P.M., but pedestrians will continue to be barred until the damaged walkway is repaired.   Leon Mandel of Manhattan was walking across the bridge from Brooklyn when the accident occurred at 5:50 P.M., near one of the towers on the Manhattan end.

@1476:  
CAMBRIDGE \u2014 Born under storm clouds yet clearly thriving at the end of its first year, the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra gave its final local performance of the season on Wednesday in Sanders Theatre. Next month the ensemble, under the direction of Benjamin Zander, sets out on a five-concert tour of the Netherlands.  Claiming a slightly different niche than the other fine youth orchestras in town, BPYO draws advanced students all the way through their undergraduate years, with roughly 40 percent of the ensemble in college (or conservatory) and 60 percent high school.  Wednesday\u2019s program seemed designed to showcase the depth of talent within its own ranks, and was devoted mostly to individual movements from various concertos, delivered by a parade of musicians from the orchestra.

@1485:  
Mineola, L.I. - Although Francis T. Purcell has talked many times about the idea of retiring, he finds himself running again at age 63 for re-election as Nassau County Executive.   Mr. Purcell is a Republican in a county dominated by registered Republican voters (308,000 as against 211,000 Democrats). He has never lost an election and a party poll shows him leading his closest challenger this time by a 2-1 margin. Nevertheless, things are not as rosy as they might be: The county Republican Party is under a cloud because of extortion and fraud charges against its chairman, Joseph Margiotta.

@1527:  
Dr. Richard J. Wyatt, chief of the neuropsychiatry branch at the National Institute of Mental Health who made early advances in the study and treatment of schizophrenia, died on June 7 in Washington. He was 63.    The cause was lung cancer, said his wife, Dr. Kay Redfield Jamison, a psychologist.

@1540:  
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is married to Kate Middleton and second in line to the throne.

@1545:  
More than 1,000 Yazidi women and children who were enslaved by ISIL are in Germany as part of a project to treat trauma.

@1558:  
Police have concerns for an 11-year-old boy who has been missing for two days in Redland Bay, south of Brisbane.

@1565:  
Chip maker Ambarella, a key supplier to action-camera maker GoPro, is poised to report its first annual sales decline as sales are expected to remain sluggish in the holiday quarter.

@1597:  
The Senate Judiciary Committee today approved the nomination of Sandra Day O'Connor as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Confirmation by the full Senate could come as soon as Friday.   Seventeen of the 18 Judiciary Committee members voted in favor of the nomination. The eighteenth, Senator Jeremiah Denton, Republican of Alabama, voted ''present.'' Senator Denton said that while he regarded Judge O'Connor as a ''superior candidate,'' a ''fine lady,'' and a ''distinguished jurist,'' he could not vote to confirm her because she had refused to criticize the 1973 Sup reme Court decision that legalized abortion.

@1606:  
There's a 50-50 chance the Fed could reverse its taper plans, top money manager Jeffrey Gundlach told CNBC on Wednesday.

@1607:  
The industrial Internet is using software to help streamline the lives of businesses. GE is one of the major firms looking to benefit.

@1679:  
N.P. \u201cNarv\u201d Narvekar, currently head of Columbia University\u2019s endowment, will take over Harvard\u2019s $35.7 billion fund in December.

@1684:  
Jaycee Dugard was snatched off the street in 1991, and allegedly held captive in the back yard of convicted sex offender Phillip Garrido, 58, for nearly two decades. Now, in exclusive home video obtained by ABC News, Dugard rides her beloved horses and bonds with the family she left behind, including her mother, Terry Probyn, and her 19-year-old stepsister, Shayna, who was 1 when Dugard disappeared.

@1686:  
By MICHAEL SAUL in Albuquerque and DAVE SALTONSTALL in New York DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS The long-lost son of a Long Island couple will fly to New York today to defend the only father he has ever known - the man who allegedly kidnapped him 22 years ago. Matthew Propp said yesterday he hopes to stand behind his \"dad,\"Bennett Propp, 56, as the elder Propp faces a Queens Supreme Court hearing tomorrow on criminal charges

@1692:  
The Boston Lyric Opera unveils a new production of Bellini\u2019s \u201cI Puritani,\u201d  a fiery tale of religious mania and nearly thwarted love set around 1650 against the evocative background of the English Civil War.

@1703:  
In his slight, short, and dissonant \u201cStille Nacht,\u201d the Soviet-era Russian composer Alfred Schnittke used a familiar Christmas carol to express tacit dissent against a stifling system.

@1719:  
Facebook has held preliminary discussions with the major record companies, seeking music video licensing deals, according to sources. NYT reports.

@1722:  
Germany's parliament passed legislation on Friday requiring major companies to allot 30 percent of seats on non-executive boards to women.

@1725:  
Stephen Colbert discusses plans for his upcoming CBS show \u201cThe Late Show with Stephen Colbert,\u201d premiering Sept. 8.

@1735:  
The Scotland vote on independence was a wake-up call for the world, says Texas Nationalist Movement President Daniel Miller.

@1737:  
Stocks rose Tuesday after aluminum-producer Alcoa delivers earnings and revenue that topped expectations.

@1742:  
Kenta Maeda threw two scoreless innings in his debut with the Los Angeles Dodgers, striking out two and giving up one hit in a 7-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks.

@1753:  
Wildlife officers euthanise 4.3m estuarine crocodile believed to have killed New Zealand-born tourist Cindy Waldron in far north Queensland

@1773:  
Warner Brothers, in unusual move, fires Ted Griffin as director of his original story inspired by 1967 film classic The Graduate and replaces him with Rob Reiner after 12 days of shooting; photo (M)

@1787:  
Four years after Tehran building was stormed by protesters, embassy reopens with ceremony attended by Philip Hammond

@1795:  
At least 10 people have been killed in a blast at a market in the home city of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte.

@1816:  
A Perth man Nick Norris and some of his grandchildren are among the 298 people killed when Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down over Ukraine.

